BXMSDOC-8152: Kogito add-ons, Kafka integration and 1.13 release notes (#3987)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/creating-running/chap-kogito-creating-running.adoc

</dependency>
----

> The {PRODUCT} process event add-on implementation is based on https://smallrye.io/smallrye-reactive-messaging/smallrye-reactive-messaging/2/connectors/connectors.html[Smallrye Messaging] library, which provides a set of connectors for event brokers, such as JMS, AMQP, and Kafka. Therefore, the {PRODUCT} process event add-on is not specifically combined with any event broker, but also requires additional configuration to use a suitable Smallrye connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {PRODUCT} process event add-on implementation derives from the https://smallrye.io/smallrye-reactive-messaging/smallrye-reactive-messaging/2/connectors/connectors.html[Smallrye Messaging] library, which provides a set of connectors for event brokers, such as JMS, AMQP, and Kafka. Therefore, the {PRODUCT} process event add-on is not specifically combined with any event broker, but also requires additional configuration to use a suitable Smallrye connector.
```
Passive voice.

> The {PRODUCT} process event add-on implementation is based on https://smallrye.io/smallrye-reactive-messaging/smallrye-reactive-messaging/2/connectors/connectors.html[Smallrye Messaging] library, which provides a set of connectors for event brokers, such as JMS, AMQP, and Kafka. Therefore, the {PRODUCT} process event add-on is not specifically combined with any event broker, but also requires additional configuration to use a suitable Smallrye connector.

Reviewer 2: Same here, Smallrye is just for quarkus, not springboot

Author: Clarified the statement.

For example, to use Kafka as an event broker, you can add the following dependency in the `pom.xml` file of your {PRODUCT} project:

.Project dependency to enable event broker in Quarkus
[source,xml,subs="attributes+"]
----
<dependency>
   <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
   <artifactId>quarkus-smallrye-reactive-messaging-kafka</artifactId>
</dependency>
----

> Optionally, for Kafka connector, you can define the Kafka topic to be used for that channel using the following form:

Reviewer 2: This should be after the discussion of how to configure channels, not before

Author: Done

`mp.messaging.[incoming|outgoing].<channel name>.topic = <topic name>`

> NOTE: If defined property is not found, then the topic name is considered to be the same as Kafka name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the defined property is not found, then the topic name is considered to be the same as Kafka name.
```

> You can also set up a channel property using the following form:

Reviewer 2: You need to define at least one channel or the addon wont work. 
As I try to explain in the blog, there are two different strategies. 
One channel for consuming (or publishing) all events or several channels, multiplexed by message name on the bpmn. 
so I think the parragrap needs to be re-arranged to avoid confusion

Author: Done

`mp.messaging.[incoming|outgoing].<channel name>.<property name>= <property value>`

When Smallrye identifies a property starting with `mp.messaging.[incoming|outgoing].<channel name>`, it creates a channel. You can use the following approaches to define channels in your application:

* Define one incoming channel to receive all the incoming messages and one outgoing channel to store all the published messages.
* Define a channel for each message name so that every message type has a dedicated channel.

> * Define incoming channel, outgoing channel, and a channel for each message name. In this case, each channel can be used for its message. However, if a message name does not have a channel, then the message can be stored in the incoming or outgoing channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Define an incoming channel, outgoing channel, and a channel for each message name. In this case, each channel can be used for its message. However, if a message name does not have a channel, the message can be stored in the incoming or outgoing channel.
```

> In the {PRODUCT} messaging add-on, you can map the topics to messages using the message name and you can define the default topics to be used for all the unmapped message names. To map a message name to a particular topic, define the related property in the following form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {PRODUCT} messaging add-on, you can map the topics to messages using the message name and you can define the default topics to use for all the unmapped message names. To map a message name to a particular topic, define the related property in the following form:
```
Passive voice.
